== README

=== ContraDB

This is an online database for managing contra dance choreography. The
intended users are dance callers, dance choreographers, and
opinionated dancers. Users create, edit, and delete their own dances,
as well as copying and viewing other user's dances.

Once the dance community has programatic multi-user cloud access to a
large library of dances, the following cool potential features can be
implemented on top of the core functionality:

1) Creating a "program" of dances for a night, where a program of
dances is asked to have certain properties. For example, when teaching
an auditorium of completely new dancers, we needed a program without
the popular but confusing moves "chain", "right/left
through", or "hays".

2) User comments and moderation of dances. 

3) Search for dances for certain properties - e.g. "dances with more
than two swings".

4) Mining dances for combinations, and using that information to do
interesting heuristics like semi-random dances that feel plausible but
that never repeat.

Since this project is being written and does nothing very exciting
yet, there is no documentation on how to install it. It's just a
vanilla rails app, though, so have at it.

=== Boilerplate suggestions for improving this file, from Rails:



This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
